---
title: Welcome
date: 2026-01-07 14:41:00 -08000
categories: [Documentation, Welcome]
tags: [welcome]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
comments: false
pin: true
---
# Website Under Construction
I am rebuiling the rppicomidi.github.io website. Please be patient as
I repopulate it with content.

# Welcome to the rppicomidi Website
This website is designed to help you find information about
the [rppicomidi GitHub repositories (repos)](https://github.com/rppicomidi/).

This site will update as new repos are added and old repos
are updated or archived.

# How to Use this Website
This website is structured as a blog. In most cases, each post is about a single GitHub repo.
The post has a link to the GitHub repo in the first heading. A brief description of
the repo follows. I may pin to the top of the home page 1-6 posts about repos that are my current favorites.

Desktop and wide tablet browsers display the site table of contents under the avatar icon to the left side of the page
or under "Contents" to the right side of the page.
Mobile browsers or narrow sized desktop browsers display the table of contents in response to pressing the menu "hamburger" icon,
or in response to clicking the "Contents" button near the top of individual post entries. The table of contents
entries can help you navigate this site and are described in the following sections.

Below the table of contents on the left side of the screen, there are 3 icons. The black and white circle will
toggle between light and dark mode. The GitHub icon will take you to the rppicomidi GitHub home page. The last
icon is an RSS feed.

## HOME
Click this to return to the Website home page.
## CATEGORIES
Each repo will have one or two categories like Hardware, MIDI-DIY-Project, Demo, Documentation,
and more. The categories may evolve over time as I better learn how to use this. You can find posts
related to each category by clicking a category link.
## TAGS
There are tags that specify general categories like usb-midi-host, usb-midi-device,
bluetooth-midi, serial-port-midi, usb-tools, usb-debugging, and so forth.

TODO: Each GitHub repo should have a unique tag. When I have news about a specific
repo, it should show up on the home page under the pinned posts. If you want
to find posts about a specific repo, look for its tag. 
## ARCHIVES
You will find the timeline of all posts to this website by clicking ARCHIVES.
## ABOUT
Describes a bit more about me, and about the rppicomidi GitHub page, and about how I built this website.
