---
# the default layout is 'page'
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---
<!--
> Add Markdown syntax content to file `_tabs/about.md`{: .filepath } and it will show up on this page.
{: .prompt-tip }
-->
## Who is rppicomidi?
I am a retired engineer who has always enjoyed messing around with
MIDI devices, but has rarely had the opportunity to do so at work. Now
that my time is my own, I decided to share what knowledge I have
picked up over the years with any who view [my GitHub site](https://github.com/rppicomidi/).

## About my GitHub Repositories (Repos)
I chose the GitHub user name rppicomidi because I set out to build
and publish a bunch of MIDI-related projects for the Raspberry Pi Pico
board. Over the years, there has been some scope creep, but most projects
have stayed true to my original intent.

As you use this website and the repos it describes, please keep in mind
that no one pays me to do this. It is my hobby and my joy. I do not
accept donations of money or material for my time. If I point at a
hardware product in a repo README.md file, it is because I happened
to try it and it worked. It is not an endorsement or advertisement.

If you find a bug or need help with any of the repos on my GitHub site,
please file an issue in the GitHub repo that is giving you trouble. I will
respond as quickly as I am able, and I will try my best to help you. I
do ask that you read the README for each repo before you ask for help.
Also, please be sure you are able to build basic projects in the
environment the repo requires, (like the Pico C/C++ SDK or Arduino)
before you reach out for help.

## About this website
I had a website design before this one, and it was terrible.
It was hand coded in HTML/CSS by someone (me) who is no good at web design.

This website is now generated by [Jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll)
and uses the [Chirpy](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy) theme.
All I have to do is write markdown files with front matter.
Hopefully, this new (to me) format will let me make a website that is more
useful. Please file issues against this website code in its [GitHub repo](https://github.com/rppicomidi/rppicomidi.github.io)
if you have suggestions to make it better.